[wrangler]: fix missing error on failed d1 migrations (#3124)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/lemon-garlics-provide.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

fix: failed d1 migrations not treated as errors

> When a set of migrations fails, wrangler should return a non-success exit code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This PR teaches wrangler to return a non-success exit code when a set of migrations fails.

It also cleans up `wrangler d1 migrations apply` output significantly, to only log information relevant to migrations.
```
